What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
well it will creat a hidden .git folder to do all setup for git repository

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
well because staging area tells what files are to be committed.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
well after making logical change we can add it to staging area

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
By drawing the diagram you can directly see the relations between commits and branches. This makes it clear where to find specific changes.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
The result is one branch with changes from both branches

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
After a merge, all commits will be shown based on the timestamp in git log. This will show the commits from the two different branches running through each other.


What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
Automatic merging saves a lot of time compared to doing merges manually, if conflict arise it will alert us

Commands:

git add  |    Add a file to the staging area
git commit  |    Commit the files from the staging area to the repository
git status  |    Show which files are in the staging area, and which files from the working directory are not part of the repository
git diff  |    Git diff without arguments is comparing the working directory with the staging area
git diff --staged  |    Compare the staging area with the repository
git reset --hard  |    Undo all changes! There is no rollback for this, so be carefull!
git checkout master  |    Restore the "Head" to the latest check-in (this will be part of a later lesson/module)
git log --graph --oneline <branch1> <branch2>  |    Show a visual representation of the commit history within different branches
git checkout -b new_branch_name  |    Creates a new branch and do a checkout on this branch in one call instead of git branch new_branch_name and git checkout new_branch_name
git merge branch1 branch2  |    Merge two branches, branch2 get merged into branch1
git branch -d name  |    Remove the branch with the specified name
git show commitId  |    Show the changes made in this commit compared to the previous version. This is working even after merging.
